It's important to clean between your
teeth everyday before using your toothbrush
this help reduce the risk of gum disease
and decay
you should do this before bed everyday
Imagine cleaning cars and motorbikes parked next to each other
They're parked close together. You won't reach between them with just a toothbrush.
Interdental cleaning helps you reach the
gaps
Spaces between teeth aren't the same size in everyone's mouths
So ask your dental health professional if interdental brushes are right for you and - if so
what size and design to use.
Brushing your teeth is boring!
It's easy skip cleaning between them
Use the free Brush DJ app to remind you to interdental clean!
It takes time to get the technique right, so use
interdental brushes in front of a mirror
so you can see where you are cleaning
Without any toothpaste on, insert the
interdental brush into hard to
reach places first, like between your back teeth
Pre-curve the brush around your finger to help reach
Move on to clean between the rest of your teeth
remembering not to miss any gaps
Go in-and-out once or twice making sure the brush goes all the way through the gap
just below where the teeth meet
and out the other side
Try not to force the brush into gaps
it should be a snug fit
Don't be aggressive and don't go more than twice
Every two teeth you clean
wash the interdental brush with water to remove the stuff that builds up on it
then continue cleaning
Dispose of an interdental brush when it gets
bent or worn
After you've cleaned between every tooth. Spit out, press play on the Brush DJ app, and
use your toothbrush for two minutes while
enjoying your favourite tunes.
Helped keep brushing fun and effective
Download the free Brush DJ app today :)